From now on, Miss Qin will be responsible for my daily family affairs
Show her around.
I'm telling you, we see a lot of people like you.
Isn't it just because of your good-looking skin?
Playing some charming tricks to seduce the president?
I don't have it.
I'll tell you what.
Our president has white moonlight in his heart
You hit less
You are the first to take it out for you.
Don't worry, I won't have any ideas about Ji
That hearty woman?
He wants to pretend to be Mr. Ji's white moonlight
You better make Mr. Ji disgust him
Hate him or there will be no room for you here
I know what to do.
OK, then you just wait here for a while.
I'll go get you a dress
Let's go
Miss Qin, this is the dress prepared for you by our president.
Take it now
Ok, thanks.
Sister Yuting, those dresses were prepared by Mr. Ji for Bai Yueguang
If Mr. Ji sees Miss Qin wearing the dress prepared for Bai Yueguang
Will be angry
He replaced it himself.
What does it have to do with us?